## Assessment Task 

#### LetsGetFit is a Gym, with many paying Members and Trainers. 

When Members sign-up they are given a choice of payment options, they can only choose one, however they may change this during the lifetime of the membership:

- Monthly
- Annually
- Quarterly

Each Member is issued with a Membership card, which contains a photo and unique membership number. When this card is presented the login date and time is recorded. When Members join the gym, they are assigned a Trainer to give them their own personalised training program. Normally these personalised training programs are updated every 6-8 weeks. Each Member can have many personalised training programs and work with many trainers. 

Each Trainer can set up many personalised training programsCurrently all this has been stored on paper, which has proven problematic, with personalised programs going missingalong with Members details being misplaced.They want to create a single database to consolidate all these details into one single source. The logical data model must be designed to meet 3NF (Third Normal Form) requirements. 

They want it to record all Member, Trainer, Program and Payment details at a minimum. I
t must be flexible enough to allow for changes such as Members or Trainer details. 
It must also lend itself to be used for marketing purposes, i.e. contacting current and old members with offers etc.
In terms of the key entities they have given you the following list: 

- Members
- Trainers
- Programs
- Payments

As part of GDPR compliance Members are asked for permission for the gym to:

a)Send them emails and texts 
b)Retain their information after they leave and keep in contact with them. 

Whichever option they chose or not must be recorded in the database. If they don’t give permission for option b, then once a person’s final payment it made, their personal information must be removed within 30 days of their memberships end date.The database should retain any business-critical information generated by that member during the lifetime of their Membership.In terms of data Updates,they have the following requirement: 

- They want the ability to create a newMember and their first Program via a parameterised Stored Procedure. 
- They want the ability to add new Trainers as they are employed by the Gymvia a parameterised Stored Procedure, this should set up all the Trainers information, such as Name, PPS Number etc.
- They want the ability to delete a Member and foreign key records associated with this Member via a parameterised Stored Procedure if they have made their final payment and requested their details be deleted, as per GDPR compliance, i.e. they did not tick the box. This data mustbeFULLYdeleted, i.e. a “hard delete”.

In terms of Memberdata, they have the following requirement: Where the Member has indicated that LetsGetFit can keep their information and contact them once the member has left,they want their information to remain in the system, not show up as activethough. 

A “soft delete” as such, so that the main interfacing application will not pull them as live or active members on the screen, however their data is still in the system for future marketing purposes.In terms of Management Information(MI),they see real value in having a single view on all their Members. Programs and Trainers between and as such want the following extract: They want an MI extract created as a SQL View which will return all active Members, their Programdetails and Trainer details. 
